it's CHP five in E SLI now this
motherboard is based on Nvidia 650i
chipset and we all know that's fast
now because it's an Nvidia chipset and
you could use the Nvidia graphics cards
which are the fastest on the market at
the time of making this video now this
one accepts the socket 775 processors
from Intel that means you get to the
opinion D the Core 2 Duo they even the
seller honest opinion fours and the core
2 extreme and even the quad core that's
right this motherboard will take the
quad core now there are several 650i
motherboards from different
manufacturers on the market however I
have yet to see too many of these that
have SLI and this one has SLI so I've
been looking around on some of the
forums to see what you guys are talking
about now I've noticed that a lot of you
guys have been saying like hey this one
only has 8x when you run them in an SLI
a lot of them have 16x well let me tell
you something you are not going to
notice any performance difference in the
8x and the 16x at all it's like three
percent performance difference and
that's what the guys are saying on the
forums and they're saying you know what
for the price you're gonna be able to
get SLI with this one so you're gonna be
able to get a lot of performance in as
far as performance versus price go this
is probably the best solution on the
market if you're someone who's on a
budget and you want to build the fastest
system but you don't want to spend a
million dollars where you should put
your money as the graphics card pick up
one of these get to awesome graphics
cards and you're gonna be running just
as fast as all the guys who spend double
the money now you missed a couple bells
and whistle thing maybe a couple SATA
ports if you're someone who needs 90
hard drives and you might want to go
with one of the $400 motherboards or
something like that but if you just want
speed you want reliability you want Asus
and you want SLI this is an awesome way
to go and it also features a 1333
frontside bus and for the price again
you're not gonna see that in this range
1333 frontside bus let me take you on a
tour of this because there's a lot of
ins and outs a lot of really cool
options and like I said it's an ace suit
so it looks nice take a look at this
thing
first off it's gonna have a nice pin
it's got a nice finish kind of a black
look you've got it in a you know like a
case with the side window you're good to
go alright first off right there's where
the processor goes like I said suck at
7-7
moving on up your RAM slots as you do
ddr2 slots it'll use 800 megahertz
memory and if you're running a 32-bit OS
it'll recognize up to 4 gigabytes if
you're using a 64-bit operating system
it will recognize up to 8 gigabytes of
memory I up here on the top we have 2
IDE connectors which you don't see a lot
in today's motherboards underneath that
right here we have 4 SATA connectors
these are sat a 2.0 giving you 3
gigabits per second moving on down here
we have some risers for a USB and here
we have some there's the floppy
connector of course here are your PCI
slots we have 2 of those and they're one
of the one of those um you know PCI
Express slots there's a PCI Express 1x
slot and there's the other PCI Express
slot now these PCI Express slots let me
talk about these for a minute when you
run one it runs at 16 speed when you're
on the 2 it shares the bandwidth and
runs at 8x and like I said the
performance increases between 8x + 16 X
is somewhere around 2 to 3% it's almost
even in games and benchmarks and games
you're not even gonna notice hardly any
difference so if speed in price like I
said this is the way to go all right now
let's take a look at the ins and outs on
the back right here we have the audio
does support surround sound right on
board moving on we have Gigabit Ethernet
and there's four USB ports here as well
as firewire and down here this is
another amazing feature for a board in
this price range that's eSATA right on
the back there is a digital audio out
right there this is a port for your old
printers and ps2 4 mouse and keyboard
alright you know something here's one of
the reasons that I use an Asus myself
now you know when you're hooking up your
front panel connectors like your power
switch and you know LEDs and all that
sort of thing
it drives me crazy having to unplug
those when I want to make a change or
whatever
well Asus those guys have included this
now I want you to take a look at this
really quick this little device is
something that you plug in all your
front panel connectors like your you
know power LED switch your on and off
reset even your uh you know your case
speaker and that sort of thing and then
you just plug this entire little thing
into the motherboard so when you want to
make a change you just pull this
straight out you don't have to rewire
every single cable there they all stay
connected to this little wonder they
call this a little port down Randy what
is this called
a jumper jumper thingy so you just keep
it plugged into the jumper that
and you're good to go so that for me
that's a huge little bonus it makes my
life so easy and I don't have to go yell
mo I'd say like you know my hands are
too big for this
can you come like do this and she's like
I'm in the other room doing something
more important and you know and then
that creates marital strife and think
I'm going on too far
anyway if you guys like I said are
looking for extreme speed you're looking
for a good name and you're looking for
reliability there's no better way than
the Asus p5 in ESL I if you guys have
any questions send me an email
Logan at Tiger TV I'll see you next time
for more information on the asus p5 and
e sli go to tigerdirect calm and type-a
4 5 5 - 2 3 2 2 into the search box or
call tigerdirect add 1 823 tiger